README.md, before:

# Secure File Transfer

## About

This is a project which seeks to create a secure, unbreakable way to transfer encrypted files over email. 

The basic concept of the project is simple. First, two clients agree to send each other a file filled with random numbers. Then, chunks of the random numbers are used as passwords for a password encrypted archive which is sent openly via email. On the receiving end, the reciever uses the pre-sent file with all the passwords to decrypt the archive. Like this, a file can be transferred securely, with almost no hope at all of anyone ever being able to break the encryption.

This process, however, could be a little more streamlined, with most parts of it being able to be completely automated. This project seeks to streamline and automate that process such that sending an encrypted email and decrypting it can be as easy as a couple of clicks.

## Installation

Click on the links below; they should take you to Google Drive, where you can download the .zip file.
  * [Download for Windows 10](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1XHUzAwmiXqTAqV943SVTGdm1qiYf1yfy?usp=sharing)  
  * [Download for macOS](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WiTJv56PePbm7nUqVPBtwnH3Odum__H-/view?usp=sharing) 
  * Download for Linux - Coming soon!

To get started, use the instruction sheet (coming soon!). It should detail everything from start to finish of how to use the program, including how to send and recieve messages and how to generate password documents.

## Main author

Send any questions, comments, or complaints to Eric Liu at ericliu637@gmail.com.

Commit message:

Revised README to include "Contact" section

README.md, after:

# Secure File Transfer

## About

This is a project which seeks to create a secure, unbreakable way to transfer encrypted files over email. 

The basic concept of the project is simple. First, two clients agree to send each other a file filled with random numbers. Then, chunks of the random numbers are used as passwords for a password encrypted archive which is sent openly via email. On the receiving end, the reciever uses the pre-sent file with all the passwords to decrypt the archive. Like this, a file can be transferred securely, with almost no hope at all of anyone ever being able to break the encryption.

This process, however, could be a little more streamlined, with most parts of it being able to be completely automated. This project seeks to streamline and automate that process such that sending an encrypted email and decrypting it can be as easy as a couple of clicks.

## Installation

Click on the links below; they should take you to Google Drive, where you can download the .zip file.
  * [Download for Windows 10](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1XHUzAwmiXqTAqV943SVTGdm1qiYf1yfy?usp=sharing)  
  * [Download for macOS](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WiTJv56PePbm7nUqVPBtwnH3Odum__H-/view?usp=sharing) 
  * Download for Linux - Coming soon!

To get started, use the instruction sheet (coming soon!). It should detail everything from start to finish of how to use the program, including how to send and recieve messages and how to generate password documents.

## Contact

If you have any problems or suggestions, please don't hesitate to post them in the "Issues" tab of this repository.

Send any further questions, comments, or complaints to Eric Liu at ericliu637@gmail.com.
